---
title: SHELL valuation analysis
publishDate: 2019-10-02 00:00:00
img: /assets/equity report.JPG
img_alt: Soft pink and baby blue water ripples together in a subtle texture.
description: |
  Equity Report: BUY Recommendation on Shell (SHEL LN)
tags:
  - Analysis
  - Research
---

We issue a BUY recommendation on Shell (SHEL LN) based on compelling factors that indicate potential upside for investors. With a one-year target price of €40 and a 12-month horizon, our recommendation reflects a projected upside of 19.53% from the closing price of €33 on March 23rd, 2024. This recommendation is driven by several key factors outlined below.

> Key Investment Drivers:

>Expansion of Gas Production in Mabrouk North-East Field: 

Shell's successful initiation of gas production in Block 10 in 2023 marks a significant investment in expanding its natural gas portfolio. Anticipated to reach 0.5 billion standard cubic feet by mid-2024, this development underscores Shell's commitment to growing its energy assets.

>Whale Platform Development in the Gulf of Mexico: 

Shell's investment in the Whale platform development project reflects its focus on simplification, replication, and shorter-cycle investment projects. Scheduled for commissioning in 2024, this initiative in the Gulf of Mexico highlights Shell's strategic approach to enhancing production capabilities and optimizing operational efficiency.


>Structural Cost Reduction Initiatives:

Shell's strategic goal to achieve a structural cost reduction of $2-3 billion by 2025 demonstrates its commitment to enhancing operational efficiency and profitability. Through prudent resource allocation and streamlining of operations, Shell aims to improve competitiveness in the energy market and drive sustainable long-term growth.

> Expansion of EV Charging Infrastructure in China: 

Shell's investment in the establishment of the largest electric vehicle (EV) charging station in Shenzhen, China, signifies its dedication to investing in sustainable mobility solutions. Through partnerships such as the joint venture with BYD Electric Vehicle Investment Company Limited, Shell is actively contributing to the growth of EV infrastructure and aligning its business with evolving market trends.

>Strategic M&A and Partnerships: 

Shell's strategic acquisitions and partnerships, including the Raízen biofuels joint venture in Brazil and the acquisition of Nature Energy in Denmark, position the company as a key player in supplying low-carbon transportation fuels. By aligning its investments with sustainable energy solutions, Shell is well-positioned to capitalize on emerging market trends and secure its foothold in the evolving energy landscape.



In conclusion, our BUY recommendation on Shell (SHEL LN) is supported by a comprehensive analysis of key investment drivers that indicate potential upside for investors. With a target price of €40 and a 12-month horizon, investors can capitalize on Shell's strategic initiatives, robust portfolio, and commitment to sustainable growth. As Shell continues to execute its growth strategy and capitalize on emerging opportunities, we believe it represents an attractive investment opportunity for long-term investors seeking exposure to the energy sector.